Add instruction to set the country options for specific delivery method (#1307)
magento/merchdocs: src/stores/country-options.md

1. In the **Top Destinations** list, select the primary countries that you target for sales.

1. When complete, click <span class="btn">Save Config</span>.

## Set the country options for specific delivery method

> You can further configure shipping to specific countries for each available [delivery method]({% link /shipping/delivery.md%}) (UPS, FedEx, etc.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also configure shipping to specific countries for each available [delivery method]({% link /shipping/delivery.md%}) (UPS, FedEx, etc.).
```

> 1. On the _Admin_ sidebar, go to **Stores** > **Settings** > **Configuration**> **Sales** > **Delivery Methods**.

Reviewer: This should be two steps since they are separate menu structures

```suggestion
1. On the _Admin_ sidebar, go to **Stores** > _Settings_ > **Configuration**.

 1. In the left panel, expand **Sales** and choose **Delivery Methods**.
```

1. Select the shipping carrier to which you want to apply specific countries.

> 1. In the **Ship to Applicable Countries** uncheck the **Use system value** checkbox and select **Specific Countries** option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. For **Ship to Applicable Countries**, deselect the **Use system value** checkbox and select the **Specific Countries** option.
```

1. In the **Top Destinations** list, select the primary countries that you target for sales.

1. When complete, click <span class="btn">Save Config</span>.

## Set the country options for specific delivery method

You can also configure shipping to specific countries for each available [delivery method]({% link /shipping/delivery.md%}) (UPS, FedEx, etc.).

1. On the _Admin_ sidebar, go to **Stores** > _Settings_ > **Configuration**.

1. In the left panel, expand **Sales** and choose **Delivery Methods**.

1. Select the shipping carrier to which you want to apply specific countries.

1. For **Ship to Applicable Countries**, deselect the **Use system value** checkbox and select the **Specific Countries** option.

1. In the **Top Destinations** list, select the primary countries that you target for shipping.

1. When complete, click <span class="btn">Save Config</span>.

![]({% link images/images/country-options-for-specific-delivery-method.png %}){: .zoom}

> _Example of setting the country options for DNL delivery method_

Reviewer: One more I didn't see before

```suggestion
_Example of setting the country options for DHL delivery method_
```
